---
title: Site info
summary: A brief description of my document.
authors:
    - Waylan Limberg
    - Tom Christie
date: 2018-07-10
some_url: https://example.com
---

<sup><sub>created: 10.10.2022</sub></sup>

You can find some information about the site itself here.

It is also used to test and evaluate functionalities that I want to use.

## Some info

### This site is hosted on github.com

I use github pages to host this site. Just because it's easy. Github actions and git itself allow easy deployment when doing changes.

### It is built using MkDocs

I use MkDocs to build this site. It allows creating pages from markdown documents which is my preferred way of taking notes.

#### MkDocs Plugins

I see that there are some plugins available that add more features to MkDocs. I don't use those for now, but you might want to check out this list:

[MkDocs plugin catalog](https://github.com/mkdocs/catalog)

### Any article is written in markdown

For fast formatting I use markdown files to write articles. I got used to it during studying. Once you get the hang of the syntax you can create notes really fast.

#### Markdown extensions for VSCode

VSCode has great integration for markdown. However there are some useful extensions:

- [Markdown All in One](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=yzhang.markdown-all-in-one)

Adds a lot of shortcuts and additional functionalities. Even adds some support for LaTeX.

- [Markdown PDF](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=yzane.markdown-pdf)

Allows to convert the markdown to a pdf file. This has some limitations if you extend the basic markdown functionality by extensions.

Those are the extension I use, maybe by now there are better ones.

### Material for MkDocs

I use the Material for MkDocs theme just because I think it looks the best from the default settings. Also it includes some useful extensions.

[Material for MkDocs](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/)

I customized some css by myself to get the site to look more like I want. Maybe I'll be breaking things by doing so, but we'll see.

## Testing how some markdown stuff behaves

### Tables

|th1|th2|th3|
|---|---|---|
|tc1|tc2|tc3|
|tc4|tc5|tc6|

### Codeblock

```C
#include <stdio.h>

int main()
{
    printf("test"\r\n);
    return 0;
}
```

### Single code line

`printf("test\r\n");`

### Quote

> single quote line

> multi  
> quote  
> line  

Somehow, the single-quote-line and the multi-quote-line are combined into one quote block. I used the following syntax with a blank line between both:

```markdown
> single quote line

> multi  
> quote  
> line  
```

There are two spaces at the end of the multi-line-quote lines otherwise it would get combined into a single line again.

### Ordered List

1. first
2. second
3. third

### Unordered List

- first
- second
- third

### Link

[This is a link to wikipedia](https://www.wikipedia.org)
<!-- external links need to start with http/https:// -->

### Footnote

This contains a footnote. [^1]

Note: For this to work properly the markdown extension __footnotes__ is needed. It is already included in the Material theme.

### HTML Tags

This is a test to check if HTML tags are supported

<b>Is this text bold?</b>

## Testing some Material theme additions

### Admonitions

#### Basic block

This should create a basic info block

!!! Note

    This indented text contains info for the note block  
    Newlines need the line before to end in two spaces

    Paragraphs are seperated by a blank line

<!-- Footnotes -->

[^1]: Footnote